docs: Added instructions on how to enable cgroups subsystems. (#6083)
eclipse/kura: docs/core-services/container-orchestration-provider-usage.md

![Container Orchestration Provider Container Configuration](./images/container-orchestration-provider-container-configuration.png)

## Manage container resources
Memory and CPUs parameters only takes effect if the host machine's kernel has enabled the related cgroup v2 feature.

> To verify which cgroups subsystems are enabled check the file `/proc/cgroup` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memory and CPU settings only take effect if the host system’s kernel has the corresponding cgroup v2 features enabled.
To see which cgroup subsystems are enabled, inspect the `/proc/cgroup` file.
```

```shell
cat /proc/cgroups
```
You should see output similar to this:
```shell
#subsys_name    hierarchy       num_cgroups     enabled
cpuset  0       97      1
cpu     0       97      1
cpuacct 0       97      1
blkio   0       97      1
devices 0       97      1
freezer 0       97      1
net_cls 0       97      1
perf_event      0       97      1
net_prio        0       97      1
pids    0       97      1
```

**enabled**: Indicates whether the subsystem is enabled (1) or disabled (0) in the kernel.

> To enable the subsystem in RaspiOS, for example, you need to add the following entries to the bootloader options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the subsystem in Raspberry Pi OS, for example, you need to add the following entries to the bootloader options:
```
